
Curriculum
--------

Neil Gordon. Sustainable Computing: a home for LSEP, Commercial practice and Research skills	    
David Bowers and David Morse. Including IT service management in the Computing curriculum: a caricature approach.	
Karen Hunsdale. Intelligent Agents for Education	


Ethics and Identity
--------------------------

David Bowers. “It’s only a computing project – so there can’t be any ethical issues…”	
Ella Taylor-Smith, Sally Smith, Alison Varey, Debbie Meharg and Colin Smith. No money worries: new student identities for Graduate Level Apprentices	
Shelagh Keogh, Jackie Adamson and Jill Bradnum. The enemies within - inhibitors to learning	



Programming
----------

Matthew Poole. Blocks-based programming for introductory programming in Python 
Sajjad Hussain, Qammer H. Abbasi, Muhammad Ali Imran and Junaid Qadir. Enhancing computer programming skills through Virtual Reality 
Sue Sentance and Jane Waite. Supporting the learning of programming with the PRIMM approach	 


Pedagogy
--------

Muhammad Zeeshan Shakir, Muhammad Ali Imran and Pablo Casaseca. Self regulated Learning in Engineering and Computing Classrooms	
Tom Prickett. Learner engagement in larger computer science classes	       
Sardar Jaf. Promoting learning by going against students’ preference to learning	

Transitions
----------

Debbie Meharg, Ella Taylor-Smith and Alison Varey. The Associate Student Project celebrates five years of student transitions from further to higher education	
Samia Kamal. Developing a digital environment to enhance the pre-arrival experience: transition into higher education.    
Shelley Usher. Student Transition Project		



Outreach
--------

Martin Loomes. Reaching out - reaching in.	
Steven Spencer and Robert Powell. Widening Participation - ‘Stretching the Middle’

Assessment
--------

Thomas Spangsberg, Sebastian Dziallas and Sally Fincher. Puzzling things out: exploring the predictive quality of Bebras challenge questions
Steven Bradley. Identifying plagiarism
Tony Gurney. The Student Becomes the Master: Peer Assessment in Computing

